Why is everyone forcing you to do this?
Who wants to resist reporting?
Teachers, haven’t you played?
The attitude of the group is that they are afraid of making false accusations again!
It's better to make false accusations!
My player, why are you already dead?
Are your people unwilling to give up resistance anymore?
What should I do?
What kind of slope did I say?
Did you say that? What did I say?
Anything else, am I wrong about the holidays?
I won't do this kind of thing, I will treat you like this,
I will do this and everything will be the same!
A few of us!
The two of us said I was real!
Said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said
Said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said Said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said Said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, said it, curry